# Retrieve an image for a given PhyloPic uuid

This retrieves a PhyloPic silhouette as a vectorized or rasterized
object.

## Usage

``` r
get_phylopic(
  uuid = NULL,
  format = "vector",
  source = FALSE,
  height = 512,
  preview = FALSE
)

# S3 method for class 'Picture'
print(x, ...)

# S3 method for class 'phylopic'
print(x, ...)
```

## Arguments

- uuid:

  `character`. A PhyloPic image uuid.

- format:

  `character`. Format of the image. To return a vectorized image, use
  "vector". To return a rasterized image, use "raster" and specify a
  desired `height`.

- source:

  `logical`. If `FALSE` (the default), the vector file generated by
  PhyloPic is used to generate the image in the desired format. If
  `TRUE`, the original source file is used. Note that only PNG and SVG
  source files are supported for the "raster" `format` and only SVG
  source files are supported for the "vector" `format`.

- height:

  `numeric`. If `format` is "raster", this is the desired height of the
  raster image in pixels. This is ignored if `format` is "vector".

- preview:

  `logical`. If `preview` is `TRUE`, the returned image is plotted.
  Defaults to `FALSE`.

- x:

  A [Picture](https://rdrr.io/pkg/grImport2/man/Picture-class.html) or
  png array object, e.g., from using `get_phylopic()`.

- ...:

  Ignored

## Value

If `format` is "vector", a
[Picture](https://rdrr.io/pkg/grImport2/man/Picture-class.html) object
is returned. If `format` is "raster", a png array representing the
rasterized image is returned. Either way, the uuid and download url are
included as the "uuid" and "url" attributes, respectively.

## Details

The `height` argument is ignored if the `format` argument is not set to
"raster". If `format` is "raster", the `height` argument specifies the
height of the desired raster object. The width of this raster object
will be determined by the original aspect ratio of the silhouette. If a
pre-rendered raster exists with the desired dimensions, it will be
downloaded from PhyloPic. If not, the vector image from PhyloPic will be
used to render a raster object of the desired size.

## Examples

``` r
if (FALSE) { # \dontrun{
# uuid
uuid <- "9fae30cd-fb59-4a81-a39c-e1826a35f612"

# Get data for an image
img_svg <- get_phylopic(uuid, format = "vector") # vector format
img_png <- get_phylopic(uuid, format = "raster") # raster format
} # }
```
